I wake up at night
feeling thirsty.
I want to get some water.
I start looking for my slippers
under the bed.
Oh my God!
There is a tiger under my bed.
Now what should I do?
Should I call Ma?
What if the tiger roars?
Should I just go back to sleep?
But I am not sleepy any more.
Then someone turns on the light
Ma is standing at the door.
What happened dear?
Did you call me?
asks Ma.
I point towards the tiger.
Ma bends and pulls the tiger out
from under the bed!
Hey, this is no tiger.
This is my thick yellow
and black sweater.
Its buttons shine like
a tiger's eyes.
I got scared for nothing!
Ma gets me some water.
Now I will sleep.
And dream about real
tigers in a jungle!